introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: "Welcome to the home of your new documentation"
---

<img
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/images/hero-light.png"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/images/hero-dark.png"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

## Setting up

The first step to world-class documentation is setting up your editing environments.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Edit Your Docs"
    icon="pen-to-square"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/quickstart"
  >
    Get your docs set up locally for easy development
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Preview Changes"
    icon="image"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/development"
  >
    Preview your changes before you push to make sure they're perfect
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Make it yours

Update your docs to your brand and add valuable content for the best user conversion.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Customize Style"
    icon="palette"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/settings/global"
  >
    Customize your docs to your company's colors and brands
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Reference APIs"
    icon="code"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/api-playground/openapi"
  >
    Automatically generate endpoints from an OpenAPI spec
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Add Components"
    icon="screwdriver-wrench"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/content/components/accordions"
  >
    Build interactive features and designs to guide your users
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Get Inspiration"
    icon="stars"
    href="https://mintlify.com/customers"
  >
    Check out our showcase of our favorite documentation
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

Initial commit for Vibing AI documentation

introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: "Welcome to the Vibing AI documentation"
---

<img
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/images/hero-light.png"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/images/hero-dark.png"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

## Welcome to Vibing AI

Vibing AI is a powerful platform that helps you [brief description of what your platform does]. This documentation will guide you through getting started, using our core features, and integrating with our API.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Quick Start"
    icon="rocket"
    href="/quickstart"
  >
    Get up and running with Vibing AI in minutes
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="API Reference"
    icon="code"
    href="/api-reference/introduction"
  >
    Explore our API endpoints and integrate Vibing AI into your applications
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Core Features

Learn about the key features of our platform and how to use them effectively.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Feature One"
    icon="wand-magic-sparkles"
    href="/essentials/feature-one"
  >
    Learn how to use our primary feature
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Feature Two"
    icon="chart-line"
    href="/essentials/feature-two"
  >
    Explore our analytics and reporting capabilities
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Integrations"
    icon="puzzle-piece"
    href="/essentials/integrations"
  >
    Connect Vibing AI with your favorite tools
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Best Practices"
    icon="lightbulb"
    href="/essentials/best-practices"
  >
    Tips and strategies for getting the most out of Vibing AI
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
